[gasps]
Stop it!
You fool.
It's much too late for that. My
curse has already taken hold of
his heart.
Your voice no longer has any
hope of reaching him.
[gasps]
By the coming dawn, this man
will be under my complete
control.
I'll be curious whether you can
find me before that happens,
Sailor Moon.
[evil laughter]
[gasps]
[gasps] What?
What's going on?!
[gasps]
[fearful screaming]
[wincing]
[gasps]
[fainting]
Chibi-Usa!
[gasps]
Chibi-Usa, wake up!
(Usagi) "Night of Destiny:
The Sailor Guardians' Ordeals."
A time paradox?
The future, Small Lady's future
in particular, is about to
experience a dramatic change.
What does that mean?
Basically, if we cannot figure
out a way to save the Prince
from being held by Nehalennia...
(Setsuna) A future will be
created...
where the Prince and Princess
would have never joined in
matrimony.
And in that future, Small Lady
will not have been born.
[gasps]
An altered timeline?
That's not good at all.
If what you say's true...
then it would explain
why Chibi-Usa's body was
starting to fade earlier.
(Setsuna) Yes. It was likely a
preliminary sign.
I should have realized it much
sooner than this.
It never occurred to me that the
disturbance I've been sensing in
space and time...
could end up holding such great
meaning.
[sighs]
Nehalennia's curse is powerful
enough to change the course of
history?
[holding back tears]
[grunting]
Wait!
Hmph.
It's a trap, you know.
The one she's really
after, is you Usagi.
I promise that we will find a
way to save the Prince from
Nehalennia's curse.
But until then, you and Small
Lady must remain here.
No! I'm going!
Usagi.
[sighs]
I have to. I don't want a
future without Mamo, or for
Chibi-Usa to vanish.
[sniffle] I can't just wait
around and do nothing!
Hmm.
So I'm going! I have to save
Mamo from her!
She's transforming without
anyone's help!
Her emotions are causing
her energy to overflow!
[gasps]
[gasps] Hmph!
Wait for me.
No! Usagi! [grunts]
She just flew away.
So, then, is she really going
after Mamoru?
She can't do that alone!
Dammit. That girl's playing
right into Nehalennia's hands!
Usagi, you idiot!
What are we waiting for? Let's
go after her.
What?
All of us were born with a
mission.
It's something that only we
Sailor Guardians are able to do.
That's right, how could I
forget?
An important mission that only
Sailor Guardians can fulfill.
It's to protect our Princess!
I'm going too!
Small Lady!
I am a Sailor Guardian after
all. I heard some of what Usagi
said and I agree.
I miss Mamo. Let's bring him
back as soon as possible!
[chuckles]
(Setsuna) The sun is setting.
All right, this is it. Everyone
ready?
Whether we win or lose, tonight
seals our fate.
We've got a whole night to get
it done! With that much time
you could even ace a test!
We don't know what trap
awaits us, and we may not even
come out alive.
That won't stop us.
We must protect the Prince and
Princess we serve under as
Sailor Guardians.
And also free all of the
innocent people from
Nehalennia's curse.
(Hotaru) We have to do this, to
preserve everyone's future.
All right. Let's go!
Sailor Teleport!
Good luck, Sailor Guardians.
Please, find Usagi and
Mamoru.
[running]
We're counting on you all to
save the Princess and Prince!
Where am I?
(Nehalennia) Welcome to my
domain, Princess of the White
Moon.
Hmm. [gasps]
You really are quite foolish,
aren't you?
You knew that this was a trap,
and yet you still came.
Is your love for him truly worth
putting yourself in danger?
Nehalennia!
I remember it well. That day
you were so quick to throw your
whole life away and for what?
Just to save someone you love?
However, miracles only occur
but once.
Give Mamo back! Right now!
[chuckles] Those eyes.
(Nehalennia) It pleases me to
see them filled with such hatred
and sadness.
Wait!
[defeated sigh]
[grunting]
What the?
(Nehalennia) Suffer. There's
nothing I want more than to see
your pain.
(Nehalennia) Time is wasting,
Princess of the White Moon.
If you're unable to reach me by
sunrise to undo the curse I've
placed upon him...
Then you'll have doomed him to
be tortured by horrible
nightmares for all of eternity.
Now, I anxiously await you. If
you want the man you love back,
you should act quickly.
(Nehalennia) It can't be.
[grunts]
[gasps]
I'm starting to fade again.
[laughing]
(Chibi Moon) No! That won't
happen. You won't let it, right?
Usagi? Mamo?
[sighs]
Huh?
Everything will be fine.
Just have faith in the Prince
and Princess, Chibi-Usa.
Yeah. Thanks, Hotaru.
Curse them!
The Sailor Guardians followed
the Princess of the White Moon
all the way to my domain!
Fine, then! I'll just take them
from her. All of her loved ones
will be mine!
[grunts]
(Sailor Mars) What's that?
(Sailor Neptune) Look out!
We have to move!
No! Don't let go!
(Sailor Uranus) We can't split
up. That's what Nehalennia
wants!
[screams]
[grunts] What the?
Where am I?
Who's there?!
[sighs]
Sailor Moon!
Mamoru!
Any luck?
I've been trying to locate them
using my computer...
but I'm not picking up signs of
either of them.
That's not good.
I'm worried about how all the
others are doing, too.
Let's go over to that hill and
get to higher ground.
Right!
Look at her.
(Sailor Mercury) She's so fast.
I can't keep up.
Hey, Ami! Going home already?
Stay a little bit longer and
practice basketball with us!
We've gotta get good for the
tournament, right?
[giggles]
(Friend) She can't stay.
You see, Ami goes to a lot of
cram schools every day...
and she's way too busy to waste
time playing basketball.
Whoa!
Sorry, we didn't know.
Maybe next year!
Come on now, pick up the pace!
Sorry! [panting]
Something feels different.
Is it because I'm mirroring her
pace?
Oh, I see now. So, that must
mean she was always matching her
pace with mine.
[panting] What is all this?
[exhales]
[sighs]
(Sailor Mercury) No way.
How can that be? This whole
space is distorted!
Seriously? We need to find
a way out of here and fast.
Please, wait!
What?
Something about this makes
me feel like the more we
struggle...
the more entangled we'll become
in Nehalennia's trap.
Until we figure out what's going
on, we need to be careful.
This might be her way of slowing
us down.
So are you suggesting that we
stand around here doing nothing
but twiddle our thumbs?
We don't have that kind of time
right now.
Yeah, but..
(Nehalennia) I almost had you.
[gasps]
(Nehalennia) I was going to seal
you within this maze and leave
you to die miserably.
But it seems you saw
through my plan.
(Sailor Mercury) Nehalennia!
Looks like her highness has
graced us with her presence.
Sorry, but we're not here to
become playthings for your
little toy-box.
[charging attack]
[grunts]
[evil laugh]
[gasp]
Mercury Aqua Rhapsody!
[gasps]
[screams]
Sailor Mercury! [grunts]
[gasps] Are you okay?
Hah!
Hmph!
Give it up. You'll never be able
to defeat me when your powers
can't even...
so much a scratch a single
strand of my hair.
Oh yeah?
Hold on! Don't attack her yet!
But if we don't, we'll be
killed!
World Shaking!
Hmm!
[gasps] Ahh!
[grunts]
Oh no, Sailor Uranus!
[laughing]
Foolish people of the
White Moon.
Prepare to suffer as I kill you
one after the other.
Her power is too great. We
can't win like this!
(Friend) So, how does it work,
Ami?
Oh, wow! Neat! Cool!
That's right. I may not be
strong like Uranus, but I have
my own way of fighting.
But first, there's something I
need to confirm.
It's that look.
(Nehalennia) That disgusting
look of determination.
Don't you dare look at me with
those eyes!
[grunting]
What is she doing?
(Sailor Uranus) Why isn't she
fighting back?
You need to fight, Sailor
Mercury!
How can you call yourself a
Sailor Guardian if you don't?
I know but I don't have all
the data just yet.
What?
[grunts]
(Ami) Put on Defensive pressure!
Nice cut!
Now, pass the ball!
And Shoot!
[basketball game noise]
We won! We did it! Yeah!
[giggling]
And it's all thanks to the game
plan Ami came up with!
Ami! [giggles]
[grunts]
This is all I'm good at. It may
not be much, but it's my way of
fighting!
Uh?!
(Sailor Mercury) Uranus!
I can't hold out that long, so
make it quick.
Hmph!
Up there!
Huh?
World Shaking!
[laughing]
Hmph!
[attacking grunt]
[death scream]
An illusion?
But, how did you figure it out?
Her hair wasn't flowing in the
wind. I managed to notice it
after you pulled me to safety.
It took a bit longer than I
thought to find the real
presence.
You've got a unique way of
fighting, Mercury, that's for
sure.
It's so different from
mine.
No, it's not. It's quite
similar. We're both fighting in
order to bring Usagi back.
Good point.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[panicked grunt]
(Nehalennia) Not even you
Sailor Guardians can escape
from my ultimate nightmare.
I'll make certain every single
person of the White Moon...
suffers the same feeling of
loneliness I had to go through!
[panting] Mamo! [sighs]
Where are you?!
(Sailor Mars)
Rin...Pyo...To...Sha...
Kai...Jin...Retsu...Zai...Zen!
Hah!
We should go this way!
Uh!
Well, which is it?
Uh! We'll go your way.
Good choice, because we have no
time to waste.
Aw, man. You know, if it were
Usagi, she probably would have
just listened to me.
You two are close, huh? Quite
similar to Uranus and me.
Hmm. I doubt anyone could be
that close. [sighs]
Hm!
[gasps]
There's someone else here.
Now that I've incapacitated
those other two...
you shall be the next to
experience my nightmare.
Nehalennia?!
[gasps]
(Usagi) I have to hurry up and
save him, before it's too late!
(Nehalennia) Save? Who exactly
do you plan to save?
(Usagi) What are you talking
about? I'm going to save... It
was... Wait, who was it again?
(Nehalennia) You can't
remember?
It's okay. Now, forget
everything and fall into an
eternal sleep of dreams.
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "For Love: The Endless
Battle in the Dark World."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.